fell into a blitz I think in the north and northeast and arrested the car wanderer
accused of raping several people in barueri
but the singer who did the report the g10 cláudio to the screen looks datena this is
the accused
He just joined the police station.
after being arrested by the military police of Bahia
considered aggressive that he is being taken very aggressively in this
time for incarceration
in this photo taken by bahia police giovani autumn unix 33 years old appears
bearded and with long hair the policemen exhibit giovani faro as a
trophy for being accused of several rapes in the great são paulo
according to the arrest warrant
silva nilton was arrested on March 2
at five in the afternoon
in the bariguda village of the olympic to the part to 10 kilometers of savior
he was stopped by a police blitz and upon being searched the pms found
inside his wallet
a cut of the report
exhibited by urgent Brazil and therefore
ended up in jail
the cops from here in barueri in great são paulo
go to Bahia to get the accused when he arrives.
recognition of the victims giovani outão had the temporary custody of 30
days decreed by the judge of the forum of barueri
he was identified through photos by six women who suffered
sexual violence pedro proença
it was an animal
the motorcycle and helmets used in crime
already been seized giovani farewell fled to the parents' home
in the interior of Bahia immediately after hearing of the arrest warrant
the geo-river
rapist
the pacatuba
saved the paper from the report bush that I went are useful network
for you see outside see you
chain in this hobo
in another one the body of the
thanks to him the bauru police and saw very good and
to ride
the adult was hit by the same I did not bother another version there
the autarchy
was able to live with the word to recover the vacancy will stay with the spokesman
you can see that there was an attack on a man of 42 years on earth
and come back